{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;\red17\green17\blue17;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10600\viewh8880\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs84 \cf0 New Play Count 
\fs36  v2.0
\fs84 \

\fs36 AppleScript for iTunes\

\fs24 \
Find more 
\b free
\b0  AppleScripts\
and info on writing your own\
at Doug's AppleScripts\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/"}}{\fldrslt http://dougscripts.com/itunes/}}\
\

\fs36 Set the Play Count of the selected tracks to a user-inputted number (they will all be set to the same number). If this number is 0 then the Last Played date will be erased (iTunes 8.1 or better).\

\fs24 \

\b This script is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Donationware}}. If you use it and like it 
\i please
\i0  consider making a donation to support my AppleScripting efforts. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Click here}} for more info.
\b0\fs36 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs24 \cf2 Installation:
\b0 \cf0 \
\
If you installed the files from the downloaded disk image by dragging them to the "Installer", then the AppleScript and this Read Me document have already been installed in your 
\i \cf3 [user name] > Library > iTunes > Scripts
\i0 \cf0  folder. The script will appear in iTunes' Script menu, where you can activate it by clicking on its name.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 To manually install, if necessary: 
\b0 Put AppleScripts in your iTunes Scripts folder. This is located in 
\i \cf3 [user name] > Library > iTunes
\i0 \cf0 . If there is no folder named "Scripts" there, create one and put the script(s) in it. AppleScripts will then appear in iTunes' Script menu, and can be activated by selecting by name and clicking. Be sure to also save this Read Me document in a safe and convenient place.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 How to use:
\b0 \cf0 \
\
Put this script in your iTunes Scripts folder. This is located in 
\i \cf3 user name > Library > iTunes
\i0 \cf0 . If there is no folder named "Scripts" there, create one and put the script in it. It will then appear in iTunes' Script menu, where you can activate it by clicking on its name.\
\
Select some tracks and run the script. The script will ask you for a number to use as the tracks' new play count. Each selected track will have the same number as a Play Count.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs20 \cf4 \CocoaLigature0 v2.0 mar 12 09\
-- erases played count when play count is '0' - iTunes 8.1 or better\
\
\cf0 v1.1 aug 24 06\
-- works with streams (URL tracks)\
\
v1.0 oct 16 03\
-- initial release\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf4 this doc last updated March 12 09\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\b If you have any trouble with this script, please email me.
\b0 \
My name is Doug Adams\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dougscripts@mac.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 dougscripts@mac.com}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 This software is released "as-is". By using it or modifying it you agree that its author cannot be held responsible or liable for any tragedies resulting thereof.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the 
\b GNU General Public License
\b0  as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
Get a copy of the GNU General Public License by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.\
\
or visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html"}}{\fldrslt http://gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html}}
\f1\i\fs18 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 AppleScript, iTunes, and iPod are registered trademarks of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://apple.com"}}{\fldrslt Apple Computer}}, Inc.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li160\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
}